GAMMA: update language around Service as parentRef (#2688)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: geps/gep-1426/index.md

Add to that the ubiquity of Service in the Kubernetes ecosystem as well as the time and effort needed to get support for a new resource into the ecosystem (especially true for managed Kubernetes providers), and it's clearly impractical to force GAMMA to wait for a replacement for Service.

Unfortunately, Service is a badly overloaded resource. It orchestrates not only IP address allocation and DNS but also endpoint collection and propagation, load balancing, etc. For this reason, it cannot be the only long-term answer for `parentRef` binding -- however, it is the only feasible option that mesh implementations have today, and as such the graduated GAMMA specification MUST support Service as a `parentRef`.

> We expect this situation to change -- and, indeed, we plan to be a part of that change. Luckily, `parentRef` is flexible enough to support additional resources in the future, which allows work on a replacement for Service in GAMMA to begin and continue in parallel with the graduation of this spec. In fact, we believe that GAMMA's use case can serve as an excellent basis for developing and trialing new, more composable mechanisms for managing IP address allocation and DNS.

Reviewer: Tweak wording to be more clear that Service support won't be removed, but instead a better alternative will be added?
```suggestion
We expect this situation to change -- and, indeed, we plan to be a part of that change. Luckily, `parentRef` is flexible enough to support additional resources in the future, which allows work on adding a Service alternative in GAMMA to begin and continue in parallel with the graduation of this spec. In fact, we believe that GAMMA's use case can serve as an excellent basis for developing and trialing new, more composable mechanisms for managing IP address allocation and DNS.
```
